 Sanika's Indian Cuisine About Featured Reviews Contact Catering Jobs Reservations Alcohols Order Online About Featured Reviews Contact Catering Jobs Reservations Alcohols Sanika's Indian Cuisine Order Online Order Online WELCOME TO Flavour Haven WELCOME TO Flavour Haven Welcome to Sanika’s Restaurant, where tradition meets innovation on every plate. Our chefs take inspiration from timeless recipes while adding a modern touch, creating dishes that are as beautiful as they are flavourful. Step into Sanika’s Restaurant and feel the warmth from the moment you arrive. Our passion for great food shines through a menu that blends authentic tastes with inventive twists, ensuring every visit is a delight. Welcome to Sanika’s Restaurant, where tradition meets innovation on every plate. Our chefs take inspiration from timeless recipes while adding a modern touch, creating dishes that are as beautiful as they are flavourful. Step into Sanika’s Restaurant and feel the warmth from the moment you arrive. Our passion for great food shines through a menu that blends authentic tastes with inventive twists, ensuring every visit is a delight. Gathered Tastes Gathered Tastes Taste Crafted Taste Crafted Flavors That Inspire Flavors That Inspire What We're Known For Authentic Indian flavors crafted with tradition, spice, and care. Authentic Indian flavors crafted with tradition, spice, and care. Butter Chicken Masala A delectable homemade tomato sauce, infused with tender boneless chicken, rich butter, aromatic spices, and luxurious cream for a truly indulgent and flavorful dish. Butter Chicken Masala A delectable homemade tomato sauce, infused with tender boneless chicken, rich butter, aromatic spices, and luxurious cream for a truly indulgent and flavorful dish. Tikka Masala - Chicken Tender chicken, marinated in a blend of yogurt and spices, roasted to perfection, and then gently simmered in a rich and aromatic masala sauce. Tikka Masala - Chicken Tender chicken, marinated in a blend of yogurt and spices, roasted to perfection, and then gently simmered in a rich and aromatic masala sauce. Korma - Chicken Tender chicken simmered in a luxurious curry, crafted from creamy cashew nuts, coconut, and yogurt, infused with aromatic spices. Korma - Chicken Tender chicken simmered in a luxurious curry, crafted from creamy cashew nuts, coconut, and yogurt, infused with aromatic spices. Steak &amp; Chicken Platter! A hearty combination of seasoned steak and chicken served platter-style with all the fixings. Dal Makhani Black lentils luxuriously simmered with butter, cream, and a medley of aromatic spices, resulting in a velvety and deeply flavorful dish. Dal Makhani Black lentils luxuriously simmered with butter, cream, and a medley of aromatic spices, resulting in a velvety and deeply flavorful dish. 555 Paneer Tender cubes of cottage cheese, fried to a golden perfection, then lovingly coated in a tangy and spicy sauce, create a mouthwatering dish that combines creamy richness with zesty flavors, promising a delightful culinary experience. 555 Paneer Tender cubes of cottage cheese, fried to a golden perfection, then lovingly coated in a tangy and spicy sauce, create a mouthwatering dish that combines creamy richness with zesty flavors, promising a delightful culinary experience. Majestic Baby Corn Crisp baby corn, coated in a smooth and silky batter and fried to a golden perfection, is then luxuriously tossed in a rich and aromatic creamy yellow sauce. Majestic Baby Corn Crisp baby corn, coated in a smooth and silky batter and fried to a golden perfection, is then luxuriously tossed in a rich and aromatic creamy yellow sauce. Check Full Menu Check Full Menu Menu Soups Starters Entrees Chef's Special Breads (Naan) Dosa Utthapam Curry Dosa Tandoor Kebab Biryani / Pulav Indo-Chinese Parotta Parotta (2 pieces) Sides Dessert Fruit Juices Kids First Soft Drinks Goat Soup (Bone-in) $6.99 Rich, aromatic soup made by slow-cooking tender goat meat with fragrant spices, herbs, and bone broth. Hot &amp; Sour Soup (Veg / Chicken) $5.99 Fiery, zesty broth with shredded veggies and bold Indo-Chinese spices. Spiced Lentil Soup $5.99 Flavorful soup made with tender lentils, vegetables, and aromatic spices. Sweet Corn Soup (Veg / Chicken) $5.99 Warm, velvety blend of sweet corn kernels and finely chopped vegetables simmered in a light, savory broth. Order Online Order Online Reviews Reviews Genuinely some of the best Indian food I've ever had. SO much flavor, spices, everything is fresh. Chicken is cooked perfectly, the samosas are buttery and flaky, the butter chicken is phenomenal. Everything else I got was amazing too. 10/10 would recommend. Dean D ★★★★★ Genuinely some of the best Indian food I've ever had. SO much flavor, spices, everything is fresh. Chicken is cooked perfectly, the samosas are buttery and flaky, the butter chicken is phenomenal. Everything else I got was amazing too. 10/10 would recommend. Dean D ★★★★★ One of the better Indian restaurants I've had in the US! I had the Butter Chicken Masala, and it was packed with flavor! Will be coming back here weekly. Joe D ★★★★★ One of the better Indian restaurants I've had in the US! I had the Butter Chicken Masala, and it was packed with flavor! Will be coming back here weekly. Joe D ★★★★★ Always love this place, both eating in and ordering through DoorDash. Decent amount of food and always tastes amazing. Can't wait for next time. I love the Butter Chicken Masala and Cheese Garlic Naan. It's always fresh and cooked perfectly. Ryan B ★★★★★ Always love this place, both eating in and ordering through DoorDash. Decent amount of food and always tastes amazing. Can't wait for next time. I love the Butter Chicken Masala and Cheese Garlic Naan. It's always fresh and cooked perfectly. Ryan B ★★★★★ Get it in touch 12800 Lebanon Rd Ste 106, Mt Juliet TN 37122-2894, United States (615) 754-2108 info@sanikasrestaurant.com Online ordering hours : 11:00 AM - 1:40 PM; 4:00 PM - 8:40 PM FAQ What meals do you serve? Do you offer delivery or takeout? Where are you located? What areas do you serve? © 2026 Sanika's Indian Cuisine. All rights reserved. © 2026 Sanika's Indian Cuisine. All rights reserved. © 2026 Sanika's Indian Cuisine. All rights reserved. © 2026 Sanika's Indian Cuisine. All rights reserved. 